For I am convinced that neither death nor life nor angels nor governments will
be able to separate us from God's love convinced now brothers this morning come
with me we have news about your father how is he he's dying Serge can I see you
you can do even more than that you can take him home we we can leave yes you
can leave and never have to come back just sign this what is it I read it no this
opportunity will not come again I assure you renounce your religion and you both
can leave no one has to know my God will know your God where is your God Serge can
he rescue you from this place can he give you back your life your father you
been here for five months would you prefer to make it five more years look at
me if not for yourself do it for your father you love him right right then
prove you love for him I love my father we must show you what that we love him
first but I love Joe first and whatever happens I will serve him okay you want
to serve him serve him enjoy your five years guard taken who is Joe